googleevents/readme.md, before:

# Google Events

This is a set of scripts to use against google drive. The primary purpose was/is to test googl drive events.
There are now also a few other scripts that just interact with the google drive.

## Authentication

Getting auth going the first time can be hard. You need to:

1. go to `https://console.cloud.google.com`
2. Create a project
3. Enable API access on the project
4. Add Credentials under APIs & Services (add Oauth 2.0 Client IDs)
5. Modify/update the redirect URI to make sure it's pointing to `receivetoken.py`
6. Download the OAuth 2.0 Client IDs (the JSON file) and store it as `ClientDetailsApp.json`
7. Then, use `getauthcode.sh` to generate a URL to open in the browser. The oauth flow will end in `receivetoken.py` which /writes/ to `accesstoken.json`. The other scripts make use of `accesstoken.json`

You might encounter some small issues. Best is to use `getfiles.sh` to see if the API calls are really working.

## Scripts

Quick description of what is what

- `getauthcode.sh` generates a oauth-url. See Authentication above.
- `getfiles.sh` simple script to query for the file objects.
- `DoDriveThing.py` python code that helps with creating/listing/deleting google shared drives. This is useful for testing > 100 drives.
- `setwatch.sh` sets a 'watch' on a google drive resource. This makes sure google tells us something is changes, after which you can use `getchanges.sh`
- `getchanges.sh` gets changes on your google drive

`setwatch.sh` and `getchanges.sh` will require some modifications.

Commit message:

Start using refresh token
We start using a refresh token and storing it as such. This allows us to have an `accesstoken.json` that we use in all the scripts, and also run `GetAuthCode.py` to work with the refresh token and update `accesstoken.json`
This moves the authentication stuff to a python script as it's becoming more advanced.

Receivetoken.py is updated to write both refresh_token and access token.

googleevents/readme.md, after:

# Google Events

This is a set of scripts to use against google drive. The primary purpose was/is to test googl drive events.
There are now also a few other scripts that just interact with the google drive.

## Authentication

Getting auth going the first time can be hard. You need to:

1. go to `https://console.cloud.google.com`
2. Create a project
3. Enable API access on the project
4. Add Credentials under APIs & Services (add Oauth 2.0 Client IDs)
5. Modify/update the redirect URI to make sure it's pointing to `receivetoken.py`
6. Download the OAuth 2.0 Client IDs (the JSON file) and store it as `ClientDetailsApp.json`
7. Then, use `getauthcode.sh` to generate a URL to open in the browser. The oauth flow will end in `receivetoken.py` which /writes/ to `accesstoken.json` AND `refresh_token.json`. The other scripts make of those files.

You might encounter some small issues. Best is to use `getfiles.sh` to see if the API calls are really working.

## Scripts

Quick description of what is what

- `GetAuthCode.py` triest to see if we have a refresh token, and if so, get a new access token. If there's no refresh token it tells you to go to a URL to authenticate. See authentication above for more details.
- `getfiles.sh` simple script to query for the file objects.
- `DoDriveThing.py` python code that helps with creating/listing/deleting google shared drives. This is useful for testing > 100 drives.
- `DoFileThings.py` python code that helps with creating/listing/deleting files on a drive. Useful to quickly modify and check raw data.
- `setwatch.sh` sets a 'watch' on a google drive resource. This makes sure google tells us something is changes, after which you can use `getchanges.sh`
- `getchanges.sh` gets changes on your google drive

`setwatch.sh` and `getchanges.sh` will require some modifications.
